Women are less attracted to men than men are to women.
Not every show needs a “woe is me” identity issue.
Cyber goth kept goth alive; it wasn’t cringe.
Palestine and Israel are equally guilty.
Fireworks should be fully illegal.
New cars are over-engineered to force upgrades.
The Catcher in the Rye is awful to read.
Mowing lawns is pointless.
Lazy sex is the best sex.
Democracy fails; a theocratic republic would prosper.
We should own cars until they die and let the industry suffer.
Going to therapy isn’t for everyone.
The “don’t talk to me until I’ve had my coffee” types are insufferable.
People with perfectly clean homes are weird.
Not being serious in your twenties is a recipe for failure.
It should be acceptable to order kids meals as an adult.
The friend zone doesn’t exist.
It is completely logical to stand up as soon as the plane arrives at the gate.
Organ donation should be opt‑out, not opt‑in.
People have a weird obsession with whether or not truck owners “need” a truck.
You don’t get a plus one to a wedding.
Hard work always pays off is one of the biggest lies we've been taught.
Apples are nasty and overrated.
Free will is heavily based on circumstance.
Evil does not exist.
I think liberals are hypocrites because they bully others into submission.
Circumcision is male genital mutilation.
Money (and economic systems) are a religion.
Republicans are worse than terrorists.
Eating the same food every day is fine.
I firmly believe that some people are simply born losers.
We need to normalize not having an opinion on every topic.
Being controversial online is a good thing.
Population collapse will be a good thing.
Most people’s “unpopular takes” are just things we don’t want to say aloud.
True controversial opinions will never be tolerated here.
I like Andrew Tate’s gender‑role beliefs.
People obsess over whether truck owners “need” their trucks.
Government lowering voting age to 16 in the UK is brilliant.
Muscle‑masculinity isn’t toxic masculinity.
Hating gay people is just stupid.
Shaming people suffering from mental health is wrong.
I can’t stand Ryan Reynolds.
We should praise changing your mind publicly.